# Cross Sell Prediction using Machine Learning
## A measure of health insurance owner interest in vehicle insurance
# Analysis Using Machine Learning Techniques

An insurance policy is an arrangement by which a company undertakes to provide a guarantee of compensation for specified loss, damage, illness, or death in return for the payment of a specified premium. A premium is a sum of money that the customer needs to pay regularly to an insurance company for this guarantee.

For example, you may pay a premium of Rs. 5000 each year for a health insurance cover of Rs. 200,000/- so that if, God forbid, you fall ill and need to be hospitalised in that year, the insurance provider company will bear the cost of hospitalisation etc. for upto Rs. 200,000. Now if you are wondering how can company bear such high hospitalisation cost when it charges a premium of only Rs. 5000/-, that is where the concept of probabilities comes in picture. For example, like you, there may be 100 customers who would be paying a premium of Rs. 5000 every year, but only a few of them (say 2-3) would get hospitalised that year and not everyone. This way everyone shares the risk of everyone else.

Just like medical insurance, there is vehicle insurance where every year customer needs to pay a premium of certain amount to insurance provider company so that in case of unfortunate accident by the vehicle, the insurance provider company will provide a compensation (called ‘sum assured’) to the customer.

The data used in this project is publicly-available and acquired from Kaggle. The data was provided by an insurance company that has provided Health Insurance to its customers now they need help in building a best predictive model to predict whether the policyholders (customers) from past year will also be interested in Vehicle Insurance provided by the company. This is a pure classification task which also includes the misclassification costs.

The main goal of this project is the implementation of various data mining and machine learning techniques and their applications. The exploration of multiple data analysis tasks on the targeted data, including both supervised knowledge discovery (predictive modeling) as well as unsupervised knowledge discovery for exploratory data analysis.

Cross-selling is a frequently employed marketing strategy employed by a multitude of companies. The chief purpose of cross-selling is to generate a positive revenue flow (from existing customers) by selling a variety of product lines. Building a model to predict whether a customer would be interested in Vehicle Insurance is extremely helpful for the company because it can then accordingly plan its communication strategy to reach out to those customers and optimise its business model and revenue.

To accomplish this goal, some of the important numerical and categorical features are going to be analyzed in relation with the main parameter of interest “Response” (1 : Customer is interested, 0 : Customer is not interested). We are going to experiment and compare with various classifiers provided as part of the scikit-learn machine learning module, as well as with some of its parameters optimization and model evaluation capabilities. In particular, we are going to use the following list of classification algorithms to classify the data: (Naive Bayes (Gaussian), Decision Tree, Linear Discriminant Analysis (LDA), Rocchio, Random Forest, Ada Boost, Gradient Boosting, Logistic Regression). The accuracy of the different models will be compared to select the final model for prediction. In the end, we will outline our future recommendations and conclusion.
